good and by the way today I'm kind of
like I wanted to make today not super
dense because you have a midterm next
week so I hope it's not too slow you
can't 2x me right now unfortunately okay
last thing we're going to do oh yeah
mm-hmm I do something like this set of L
or something and it makes a list version
so that would mean is there a set let's
see is there a constructor for set that
takes a collection so let's try that I
mean it might work this is me being very
verbose so it's an excellent question so
let's try and guess what the syntax
might be maybe we'll just bypass this
all together and we'll try and do it
over here
set string W equals new hash that string
and then where do you so I don't really
need this string sorry so old have it
only been a couple years since that was
possible so if that string words that
okay so where do you think we should try
and do this here right so let's just try
it so it's do W and then that's a great
question
we'll do words that side so it seems to
compile fine and I bet you it'll work
let's check it out 964 so indeed that
works as well now if we look here you
can actually see if we do new hashtag I
won't do it okay list okay it won't show
me the signature but basically the stat
it does indeed have something similar so
excellent question yes all right
so even better than this loop alright
next up let's build ourselves a map so
in this case what we're going to do is
we want to find the number of times that
the worth lottery V and Babylon appear
and so what we're going to do is create
a list of all the words we care about
Jesus I need to stop doing this and
lottery V in Babylon and we're going to
have it print out how many times those
three words appear this again is a
common pattern that you should have seen
some point whenever you're doing a
Python and if you are in a 7 hopefully
you're just feeling at least somewhat
similar
now we'll notice is the signature this
method is just a monster like look I
think it's it on the screen this is very
normal for Java
and there's nothing I mean it gives
worse than that for sure but it's
something we'll live so to do this what
we're going to do is build a map that
tells us given a string how many times
it occurs
so we'll say map string integer and
we'll call this thing like counts equals
new let's say and on a hashmap because
those would look slightly more popular
than the other one and so we say new
hashmap string integer now we'll go
through each of the strings and the H
word for string W and our list of words
actually now I'm gonna do it in target
I'm calling them targets they're for
each string and targets there are other
ways of doing this but this is the
easiest way to write it clearly so I'm
going to say I'm going to put in my
dictionary a map from that string to
what we're counting so all my targets
how many do we know of so far in our
words none
so this basically says make a note that
we have seen none of the words okay and
then what I can do is say for string F
in words and now I'm going to get each
of them from the fake count get F okay
so that's my old count okay and then I'm
going to do and you could do it again
the stuff on one line but I'm just
writing it braver Bhosle so I'm gonna
say counts dot put what someone said old
count plus one but that's not quite
enough you really need to specify what
we're associating with it so we need to
say F comma old count plus one so what
that does is it says the current word
we're looking at say the word is potato
okay
so we'll say for string F in words we're
going to get the count and then we're
going to increment the count
however this code has one minor issue
which is that it's actually checking to
see let's say gets the word that's
potato it's potato Z Babylon or Lottery
No so this code is going to behave in
some weird way fact let's see what
happens so I'm going to return count
yeah
get it takes a takes a thing on the left
hand side a strength how does it work
how is an implement a great question so
abstract data type we'd literally don't
care right so get before get took an
index but since this is a map right
instead it's a map it's using a
different semantics and so for now we're
just going to trust up some how it works
and we'll talk about how it works in
about four weeks okay that's the glory
of abstract data type so we try and run
this we ran into some kind of issue see
what is it no point in exception so we
got a null pointer exception because it
tried to get the word like say horse
but horse wasn't there so instead if we
really wanted to be verbose we would do
something like this if count dot
contains key s then do all this stuff
so basically we're only going to
actually augment it if the word actually
exists okay so this is somewhat more
verbose than real Java code but real
Java code is going to be about that long
so when you run it you finally get that
D occurs 172 times babylon 6 and lottery
12 okay so any questions about this
before we proceed yeah there's a more
concise way but I don't want to do arena
yeah hey what the more concise ways
wouldn't be that much shorter though I
warn you
yeah dude why did one for loop to set up
all the counts and then another to go
through the words yeah yes so you could
actually do you don't have to do this
preset right you could do something
similar to that earlier right so to
compare what we did here all right so
that was just the old dosis the finding
unique words we don't really need to go
over that but hey just pointing out
we're using this new loop but this is
the version I just wrote more or less
and I want to compare it to the Python
equivalent okay so there's some
interesting difference here differences
so this is the Java version the python
version of course does not have declared
types it also has something very
interesting here even if you've never
seen Python in fact maybe
interesting to view if you've never done
Python what do we notice about this line
where it counts equals no dictionary
what's that like this is just somehow
we're creating a dictionary and Python
which is some symbol whereas in Java we
have to say like this whole thing hey
this is the abstract data type I want
hey this is a specific implementation I
want here's just give me a dictionary
okay then we go through this dictionary
and I say for every item and the target
I'm going to set them to zero and again
you could do this shorter in Python as
well of course and then I basically say
for ass in words if it's actually in the
word counts increment its value by one
so we notice that the way to index into
a dictionary is a lot like an array
whereas in Java we have to actually call
these methods get and put right get put
and then finally we can return it again